 a 1)who is the director of movie mahanati?
A.Nagashwin B.Sukumar C.rajamouli D.V.V.vinayak
Nagashwin is the direactor of movie mahanati.
b 2)what is sai dharam tej recent movie?
A.intelliigent B.chitralahari C.supreme D.winner
chitralahari is sai dharam tej recent movie.
d 3)which telugu movie got national awards this year for best film?
A.KGF B.rangathalam c.majili D.mahanati
mahanati got best telugu film .
d 4)which movie got best film on social issues?
A.padmaavat B.uri C.paani D.padman
padman got best film on social issues.
b 5)Which was the first 3D movie in India?
A.Chhota Chetan  B.My Dear Kuttichathan C.Roadside Romeo D.None of these
The first Indian 3D movie My Dear Kuttichathan (Tamil Movie), which released 27 years ago.
@
c 1)Which movie has been chosen as the India’s official entry to Oscar 2019?
A. Newton B.Smile Pinki C.Village Rockstars D.None of these
Rima Das’ directorial ‘Village Rockstars’, an Assamese movie, has been selected as India’s official entry to the Oscars 2019.
c 2)How many times AR Rahman was nominated for Oscar?
A.4     B.1       C.2   D.none of these
A R Rahman (Allan Rakha Rahman) won two Oscar awards for the film “SLUMDOG MILLIONAIRE”
c 3) Which was the first film to win the Filmfare Best Film Award?
A.Boot Polish  B.Jagriti  C.Do Bigha Zamin   D.None of these
First awarded – Do Bigha Zamin (1954)
a 4)Which was the first Color movie in India?
A.Kisan Kanya B.Alam Ara C.Raja Harishchandra D.None of these
Kisan Kanya was a 1937 Hindi Cinecolor feature film which was directed by Moti .
a 5)Which actor has won the most national awards in India?
A.Shah Rukh Khan B.Amitabh Bachchan C.Aamir Khan D.None of these
Dilip Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan, with eight wins, have more Best Actor awards than any other actor. Amitabh Bachchan has five wins.
#
c 1)Which was the first Indian movie nominated for Oscar?
A. Salaam Bombay B.Lagaan C.Mother India D.None of these
As of 2014, only three Indian films—Mother India (1957), Salaam Bombay! (1988) and Lagaan (2001).
a 2) Who is known as the Father of Indian cinema?
A.Dhundiraj Govind Phalke B.Charan Singh C.Raja Lalith Rai D.Balram Naidu
Dhundiraj Govind Phalke
c 3)How many Oscar awards was won by ‘Slumdog Millionaire’ movie?
A.5    B.10          c.8     D.none of the these
Slumdog Millionaire’ sweeps eight Oscars at the 81st Academy Awards including Best Adapted Screenplay, Cinematography etc
a 4)Which actor wins the best actor award in the 2018 Filmfare Awards?
A.Irrfan Khan    B.Aamir Khan     C.Shah Rukh Khan     D.None of these
Filmfare Awards 2018: Irrfan Khan won the Best Actor in a Leading Role (Male) for Hindi Medium while the movie received the Best Film award.
b 5)which got best makeup artist in national awards this year?
A.uri   B.awe  C.kgf   D.mahanati
awe ranjith got this award.