 b 1)Which was the 1st non Test playing country to beat India in an international match?
A.Canada  B.Sri Lanka    C.Zimbabwe  D.	East Africa
Sri Lanka got the status of Test playing country in 1981, and beat India in the 1979 World Cup.
a 2)Which county did Ravi Shastri play for?
A.Glamorgan B.Leicestershire C.Gloucestershire D.Lancashire
Ravi Shastri once hit spinner Tilak Raj for 6 sixes in an over in a First Class match.
a 3)Who was the 1st ODI captain for India?
A.Ajit Wadekar  B.Bishen Singh Bedi C.nawab pataudi D.Vinoo Mankad
Ajit Wadekar has played only 2 ODI matches.
b 4)What Australian player was known as 'Fruitfly' amongst the rest of the team?
A.Geoff Lawson B.Merv Hughes  C.Mike Veletta   D.Mike Whitney
He was given this name because of his habit of annoying everyone in the dressingrooms, especially during rain delays.
b 5)Which English county did batting sensation Virender Sehwag join in the 2003 season?
A.Lancashire  B.Leicestershire c.Yorkshire D.Middlesex 
Leicestershire did batting sensation
@
a 1)Which track and field star overcame childhood polio to become one of the greatest athletes of her time?
A.Wilma Rudolph   B.Gail Devers  C.Florence Griffith Joyner  D.Jackie Robinson
Rudolph won 3 gold medals (100m, 200m and 4x100m relay) at the 1960 Olympics. Devers overcame a thyroid disorder (Graves' disease) that nearly resulted in her having both feet amputated.
c 2)Which county did speedster Javagal Srinath play for in 1995?
A.Kent    B.Glamorgan     C.Gloucestershire    D.Leicestershire
He left in 2003.
c 3)The nickname of wicketkeeping great Rod Marsh was what?
A.Billabong   B.Swampy    C.Bacchus  D.Lagoon
Bacchus Marsh is a town in Victoria Australia. He was also known as 'Iron Gloves'.
d 4)Who was the first Indian to win an individual medal in Olympics?
A.Milkha Singh  B.P.T.Usha  C.Karnam Malleshwari D.K.D.Jadhav
Mr. Khashaba Dadasaheb Jadhav or KD Jadhav, widely known as 'Pocket Dynamo'.
b 5)'Dizzy' is the nickname of what Australian player?
A.Adam Gilchrist  B.Jason Gillespie  C.Glenn McGrath  D.Brett Lee
brett lee was named as dizzy.
#
d 1)Which country, which made its debut in the Norwich Union League in 2003, signed Rahul Dravid as their overseas player?
A.Holland   B.Ireland  C.Wales D.Scotland
Rahul had a highly succesful stint with Kent in 2000.
d 2)Which county signed Yuvraj Singh to play for them in 2003?
A.Nottinghamshire  B.Lancashire  C.Hampshire  D.Yorkshire
Yuvraj is said to have received tips from Sachin Tendulkar.
c 3)Which county did the outspoken Spin great Bishen Singh Bedi play for?
A.Essex    B.Surrey     C.Northamptonshire  D.Sussex
Bishen Singh Bedi, the greatest Left arm spinner ever!
b 4)Mark Waugh is commonly called what?
A.Afganistan  B.Junior  C.Tugga  D.Julio
Mark Waugh is commonly called as julio.
a 5)Who was the 1st president of BCCI ( Board of Control for Cricket in India )?
A.R.E. Grant Govan B.Dr. Maharajkumar Sir Vijaya Ananda C.Sikandar Hyat Khan D.Anthony S. D'Mello
Govan was president from 1928-29 to 1932-33.
